Add an update email for February (#209)
srobo/team-emails: SR2025/2025-02-24-feb-update.md

---
to: SR2025 teams
subject: SR2025 February Update
---

Hi,

With the competition on the horizon we have a few updates and reminders for you:

* The final [Tech Day][tech-days] of the year is in Cambridge, [on 8th March][cambridge-tech-day-march]
* The [Competition][programme-competition] is under two months away

## Cambridge Tech Day

[Tech Days][tech-days] are opportunities for teams to spend a whole day working on their robot with lots of help available -- from a mix of long-experienced volunteers and more recent ex-competitors. They're also an opportunity to see how other teams are doing or get more direct help with your robot.

We provide a space for you to work in, with power and internet access, as well as volunteers able to help you with your kits and hands-on guidance with your robot.

There is one final Tech Day left this year, on [**8th March 2025** - at Raspberry Pi Foundation in Cambridge][cambridge-tech-day-march].

There are still plenty of spaces available, so if you're interested in attending please **[sign up][tech-day-signup]**.
Volunteers may also be around virtually for support, should you not be able to attend the Tech Day in person.

> For this Tech Day, the deadline is Friday 28th February 2025 for you to [let us know][tech-day-signup] that you'd like to attend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this Tech Day, the deadline for you to [let us know][tech-day-signup] that you'd like to attend is Friday 28th February 2025.
```

## Competition

As you are hopefully aware, the [Competition][programme-competition] is a two day event and is the culmination of all your team's hard work over the past six months.
This year the competition is being held at the University of Southampton on the weekend of [**Saturday 12th April** and **Sunday 13th April**][competition-event].

Your robot will compete in a number of league matches, used to seed the knockout stages, as well as having time to make improvements.
You will have a pit area where you can work on improving your robot and there will be lots of Blueshirt volunteers around to support your team.

> If you haven't already done so now is a good time to plan your trip, including travel and accommodation for the weekend, and consider any paperwork which your institution may require.

Reviewer: I don't think this is the best wording for what you're trying to say. I think just reminding them of the start and end times for each day so they know what days they need to book their accommodation for is enough

Author: Could you elaborate? Oscar & I both independently had thought to include something along these lines. I agree it's a bit on the nose, so very open to better wordings. I do want it to be encouraging the supervisors to start organising stuff though.

Reviewer 2: I agree, I think some wording like this is necessary. It also says, albeit in passing, that we aren't covering travel or accommodation. 

Perhaps an alternative would be to flip the statement slightly? Also changing the sentiment from "You better have started this" to "How can we help":

```suggestion
We realise organising these kinds of events can be complex for your institution, especially regarding travel and accommodation . Please reach out if there's any additional information we can provide to make this easier.
```

Reviewer: I think it's a little too on the nose and is probably going to come across as patronising. I much prefer Jake's suggested wording where we offer to help (and inform them of things like accommodation is not provided) rather than telling them that they should be filling in their paperwork

> If you require a risk assessment for the event, please reach out and we will be happy to provide one.

Reviewer: Think this has been published now, we should just link to it

Reviewer 3: Don't know. Put the link in the email.

Author: 2087589ebde9af65ec5476eccc776104d7ed052f

Please reach out if there's any additional information we can provide to make this easier.

Guests are welcome in person at the competition and we'll be livestreaming the event so people can follow along at home.
For those attending in person, the most exciting matches are usually those in the Knockouts on the Sunday afternoon.

At the competition, all robots undergo a safety check.
This not only confirms that the robot satisfies our safety regulations, but also the rules.
Some considerations are that the battery is well protected, the power button is accessible and that you have a way to mount the flag which will identify your robot during matches.
Please make sure you are familiar with both our [design rules][design-rules] and [safety regulations][safety-regulations] which contain the full details.

### Helping us plan

We're working hard getting the event ready for you.
In order for us to cement our plans, we need to know roughly how large your team is and whether there are any special considerations we need to take for anyone who is coming.
We understand you might not know exact details right now, so vague guesses are absolutely fine for now!

> You'll be able to edit your response until our shortly before the competition, after which point please email us if anything changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be able to edit your response until the end of March. After this point, please email us if anything changes.
```
Think we should probably say end of March here as I don't know how many people read the top of forms. Possibly add a mailto:teams@ link on the "email us"?

Author: Thanks, I just hadn't gotten to this yet. 9730e14

Also https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/209/commits/547c3babcbde5b3248d7379da9aec2d3a36ac0ec
